Goal:

1. Take a purpose phrase from the purpose category of a transaction file
	Ex. "TEMPORARY ADMIN STAFF FOR PHONE BANK (ESTIMATE)"

2. Take a list of categories that we wish to classify the purpose code under
	Ex. "Media, Consulting, Etc."

Execution thus procceeds in two directions:

3. For every category in our list of categories, generate a list of related words (synonym list)
	Ex. "Media" -> "Television, Radio, Social, CNN, Instagram, Etc"

4. Then, searching through each word in the purpose phrases (Step 1), see how many of those match
	the words in the synonym list (Step 3)

5. Use determine which category has the most overlap (or potentially weighted overlap)
	with the purpose phrase. We thus classify this purpose phrase under that category.


Or the alternate direction:

3. For every word in the purpose phrase, generate a list of related words (synonym list)

4. Then, compute similarities of the purpose words to the list of the categories, and determine the
	correct category.


Notice, the first way uses an expansion of the categories to look for similarities with the purpose
While the second method uses an expansion of the purpose words to look for similarities with the categories.

We can use both, one, or a weighted combination to achieve our goals




REVISIONS (10/22/18):

1. Take a purpose phrase from the purpose category of a transaction file
	Ex. "TEMPORARY ADMIN STAFF FOR PHONE BANK (ESTIMATE)"

2. Take a list of categories that we wish to classify the purpose code under
	Ex. "Media, Consulting, Etc."

3. For every category in our list of categories, generate a list of related words (synonym list)
	Ex. "Media" -> "Television, Radio, Social, CNN, Instagram, Etc"

4. Get the related words of the related words (from step 3) x number of times

5. If a word falls in two categories, then add it to the category for which it has the greatest score.
        (ex. "journalism" might have a score of 2 in "media", but a score of "1" in category "digital", so it goes to media)

6. Search through each word in purpose phrases, see how many of those match the words in synonym list (defined as category words) and the derived related words.

7. If a word matches those in a category (including derived words), add its score to the total of that category.

8. The category with the highest value is (assumed to be) the most correct label.